Everyday MoCap 03

This package features a collection of 15 fbx animations for a bipedal humanoid character performing various tech motions, generally using a phone.  

Phone Crying 01: Character is holding a cellphone close to head and starts to cry after hearing sad news. Bends over and brings free hand up near to face.

Phone Crying 02: Character holds cellphone near head and hears sad news. Then bends over and begins to cry. Brings free hand up to face multiple times
and shakes head several times.

Phone Angry 01: Character recieves a phone call and hears news that upsets them. Shakes free hand in disbelief, yells at phone, almost throws phone away. 
Angrily hangs up on call.

Phone Angry 02: Character recieves a phone call and hears news that upsets them. Clenches fist in anger and yells directly into phone. Listens again 
then continues to make hand gestures and finally agressively hangs up.

Phone Pacing 01: Character walks back and forth while on the phone. Supports phone hand with offhand. Slight talking hand gestures. Offhand rests on hip near end.

Phone Pacing 02: Character walks back and forth while on the phone. Moves head side to side. Clentches fist into a ball. 

Phone Talking 01: Character moves slightly left and right while talking on phone. Subtle hand gestures.

Phone Talking 02: Character shuffles slightly left and right while talking on phone. Subtle hand gestures.

Sitting Down 05: Character turns around and gently sits down on chair. Gets up and continues to face forward.

Sitting Down 06: Character turns around and plops down into chair. Gets up and continues to face forwards.

Sitting Texting 01: Character sits in chair and pulls out phone to text with, using one hand. Puts phone away after.

Sitting Texting 02: Character sits in chair and pulls out phone to text with, using two hand. Puts phone away after.

Sitting Typing: Character sits at a desk and types at a keyboard.

Texting 01: Character pulls out phone and begins texting, using one hand. Puts phone away after.

Texting 02: Character pulls out phone and begins texting, using two hand. Puts phone away after.

If you have any questions feel free to contact us at support@morromotion.com