Everyday MoCap 02

This package features a collection of 17 fbx animations for a bipedal humanoid character performing various emotions in a standing position. 

Coughing 01: Character coughs into their right arm. Signals with left arm that they are okay. 

Coughing 02: Character coughs several times into their right elbow.

Crying 01: Character starts crying, bends over and brings both hands up to face. Tries to brush off any help offered. Wipes tears away after. 

Crying 02: Character starts crying slowly. Brings both hands to head and bends over slightly. Wipes away tears after. 

Excited 01: Character shakes hands and claps happily in an excited motion. 

Excited 02: Character shakes hands and claps happily in an excited motion. Several fist clentches in a satisfactory motion. 

Idle Relaxed: Character stands in a relaxed stance. Shifts weight from side to side and looks around. 

Laughing 01: Character starts laughing then points forward, then grabs belly. 

Laughing 02: Character starts laughing and grabs belly with both hands. Points forward after as laughter continues. 

Looking Impatient 01: Character stands around looking impatient. Hands are held on hips, feet tapped, watch checked. 

Looking Impatient 02: Character stands around looking impatient. Character taps feet excessively, checks phone and yawns. 

Talking 01: Character uses various hand gestures while shifting side to side as talking ensues. 

Talking 02: Character uses more hand gestures while shifting side to side as talking ensues. 

Tired 01: Character extends both arms out up and backwards in a stretching motion, then lets them fall to the side.

Tired 02: Character yawns into left hand and tries to shake head awake. 

Upset 01: Character raises arms up and down several times to display anger at current situation. 

Upset 02: Character raises arms up and down several times, along with brining hand to face in disbelief, all in order to display anger at current situation. 

If you have any questions feel free to contact us at support@morromotion.com