Everyday MoCap 01

This package features a collection of 17 fbx animations for a bipedal humanoid character performing various emotions in a sitting positions.

 Sitting Crying 01: Character is sitting and crying into their hands, one then both, then one again. Wipes tears at end. 

 Sitting Crying 02: Character is sitting and crying into their hands, uses both hands. Wipes tears at end. 

 Sitting Down 01: Character sits down in a chair.

 Sitting Down 02: Character plops down in a chair heavily.

 Sitting Down 03: Character turns around and sits down in a chair.

 Sitting Down 04: Character walks by a chair, pulls it our and sits down, then pulls the chair in from the front.

 Sitting Excited 01: Character jumps forward while sitting, shaking fists in an exciting manner.

 Sitting Excited 02: Character raises hands up above head quickly while sitting, then stands and starts clapping for extended period. Then sits back down.

 Sitting Laughing 01: Character holds belly and points with other arm while laughing. Slaps knee during laugh.

 Sitting Laughing 02: Character raises hands to face then points and laughs while slapping knee.

 Sitting Talking 01: Character turns to the left while sitting and starts a conversation with the person next to them. Arms and head moves around to mimic talking. 

 Sitting Talking 02: Character rests left leg on top of right leg and starts a conversation with person to their right. Arms and head moves around to mimic talking.

 Sitting Talking 03: Character rests hands on thighs and starts a conversation with person infront of them. Arms and head moves around to mimic talking.

 Sitting Tired 01: Character stretches out arms into the air then lets them fall towards the ground. Head falls backwards, then left arm comes up to face for a yawn. 

 Sitting Tired 02: Character puts arms behind head and stetches right arm up towards sky. Arms then come back and rest on thighs. Head falls backwards then is suddenly 
 jerked forward to wake character up from dosing off.

 Sitting Upset 01: Character leans forward and extends arms out in frustration in front of them. Character accepts their situation and relaxes back into thier chair. 

 Sitting Upset 02: Character leans forward and extends arms out in frustration in front of them. Arms are brought up to characters face several times in disbelief. 

 *Morro chair model provided may need to be translated in order to line up with certain animations. Morro Chair animation is only for use with Sitting Down 04 animation.  

If you have any questions feel free to contact us at support@morromotion.com